Hello, this is a video tutorial for the new 
NMRate (NRM - Nuclear Magnetic Resonance) NMR Rating Tool.

WE start by looking at the config file: config.json





































We can see the following keys:

modalities - containing the list of modalities

modality_windows - containing modality image windows (min, max)

subjects_wildcard - this points to where are subjects are stored,
if we're using different organization than a directory per subjects
it should point to a list of empty directories with the same names
as subject names.


rating_range - range of ratings (min/max inclusive)

secret - a secret value used to generate password for the users

static_path - path to static resources

mime_types - MIME types corresponding to different extensions

enable_gzip - whether to enable GZIP compression

 Now we can start the software. We need Python, PILLOW, numpy and nibabel

Once the server writes "Serving..." we can open the browser...

OK now the interesting part, to get the admin password we need to copy the secret key

go to http://www.sha1-online.com/

and write "0" followed by the secret key

then the first six characters is out admin password: b72f91



in the top row we have the following icons:

User

Subject

Colormap

Crosshairs

Rating

by clicking on the images we navigate inside the volume....

to zoom we can zoom the entire page... e.g. Ctrl + Scroll Mouse Wheel

Very interesting!

I will just show how they work...

Now we can see the admin panel.

In the admin panel (only accessible as User 0)

we can see all other users passwords. So these we would give to our raters.












Below we can see the results table.

First column contains subject names,

second column contains subject mean score

The following columns contain number of users that gave 
the given score to the subject - a histogram

That's pretty much all there is to it 

I will finish by logging out.

Thank you and enjoy!
























































